hey guys it's Lauren and I have another
recipe for you today we'll be making an
orange watermelon sorbet it's really
good there's only a couple ingredients
and it doesn't take very much time of
actual work at all and kids will love it
you will love it it's it's one of the
more guilt-free type of desserts and
refreshing detoxifying type things you
can add to your diet even if you're not
doing the raw vegan thing or if you're
not into fruit it's a really great
dessert so we'll be using fresh
watermelon fresh orange and fresh lemon
and we just need a blender and some ice
cube tray it's just gonna be a really
fun recipe and I hope you enjoy so let's
get to it we'll just start with our
watermelon and this watermelon has seeds
it doesn't really seem to make a
difference if it has seeds or not as far
as the flavor it's all getting blended
up anyway so I'm just cutting it into
smaller pieces so that I can get the
nice juicy flesh out of here and we're
putting this right into our blender
we're basically just gonna keep putting
watermelon in here until it reaches
about the 4 cup mark it doesn't have to
be a precise amount you can really
adjust this however you want to make it
the flavor that you like and especially
if you're into juicing it's really great
to get these watermelons and save the
rind and you can juice the rhein later
watermelon is in season right now it's
really good for detoxification and just
flushes your system it's really great to
eat some watermelon or drink some
watermelon rind juice in the morning
first thing and it's really delicious to
eat especially when it's nice and warm
outside its really really hydrating
great to do if you're on like a liquid
or like their fruit or raw food cleanse
it's just really really nurturing for
your body all right so we've gone to
about the four cut mark in the blender
now we're gonna take our orange so you
can actually fit them into a smaller
press I just have this one it's like
supposed to be used for lines and lemons
but I just kept that one chosen smaller
pieces and use it to make orange juice
and we're just squeezing that juice
right into the Vitamix and then when I
did this last time I added a little bit
of lemon juice which was nice just some
extra tang and lemon is also detoxifying
so just do a little bit of lemon juice
just cutting into a small enough chunks
a little fit in here squeezing it right
in there okay so now we're ready to
blend I ended up using about 3/4 of the
orange and juicing that and then a third
of a lemon and juicing that then we have
our watermelon and we'll just blend this
until it's all smooth we're all blended
up and now we're just gonna take an ice
cube tray and pour our watermelon
mixture into our ice cube tray
and now we just stick this in the
freezer and let it freeze for several
hours until it's solid and then we'll
take it back out and blend it again oh
yeah okay guys we're back and our
watermelon orange and lemon juice
mixture has frozen completely so we're
just gonna put these all in our blender
once again and now we'll blend and it's
really important to use something with
that tamper or a plunger the Vitamix is
the best one for this in my experience
or there's a new Blendtec model that has
come out I think that's good for like
making ice creams and sorbets so you can
try that so we're just gonna shove down
with the tamper push everything down
into the blades let it blend up at first
we'll get a little bit like powdery like
like ice
like an icy kind of thing or a snow cone
type thing just keep blending a little
bit and you'll see it'll start to like
smooth out and get more like a sorbet
like more creamy looking so just keep
doing that and make sure you're not over
blending so you can always just if you
think it might be right or maybe getting
to that place just take that stop it
take the top off and taste it look at it
and you'll know by the texture okay so
this is what we want the texture to be
like it's like kind of creamy looking
and it's nice and smooth and it looks
like soft and almost like spongy kind of
so you don't want to have like those
little ice crystals everywhere still so
keep blending if it's not there yet and
if you blend too far and it starts
getting mush then you can just stick it
in the freezer for a little while and
then reap lend
all right and it's as simple as that you
just scoop it into a bowl and make it
real nice and pretty and some tips for
doing this for keeping it from melting
you can put the bowl in the freezer or
hand if you want and the bowl will be
cold so when you scoop it in there it'll
stay cold and you can also scoop it in
there and then if you're not going to
eat it right then like maybe five
minutes from now you can scoop it in
here into the bowl and then put the
whole bowl into the freezer for five
minutes to kind of keep it cool until
you eat it so it doesn't melt and you
could probably chop up some fresh
watermelon and put it in there I don't
know you can get creative and enjoy